The goal of this program is to pave a path for anyone to provide themselves, their children with more in life by learning to program. On a personal note. This my attempt to give back to a society that desperately needs people to take meaningful actions to improve others lives. Others have began to step up to the plate but I want to take it farther. I want to devote my time to those who are serious about learning something foreign, new that has the potential to completely change their life. The only agenda is to teach others to love programming who might have otherwise never had a chance to embrace it as I have. Learn to love it. Build a career doing something you discover a love for which you didn't even know you had. Wake potential, passion for technology and skill delivering exceptional solutions. Turn you into a loaded weapon able to conquer any programming obstable in front of you. Arm you for war with a toolset that will make you best out there.

--------------------------------------------------------

Programming 1010 (foundations)

Variables - moving around data
Conditionals - using [vars] to change program behavior
-> operators -> comparison
Loops - going through a group of info and doing something with each item
functions - capture an operation so it can be reused multiple times.
objects - oop and prototypes
- importantance of keeping track of state?... nah that sounds stupid

goal: demonstrate understanding of programming fundamentals
--> need a tangible project... hmmm

-------------

Web dev foundation (web path)

html
css
- * light js?

goal: Create static website

-------------

Building blocks of modern app

- apis
- storage
- cloud

goal: Build api deploy to cloud

-------------

pre full stack (AXE) - forget this --> move reactive to after Ng intro

Package management (overlaps w/ previous)
Client-side programming
Reactive programming --> this needs to be separate

-------------

Angular Intro

components
-- input
-- output
-- integration w/ services (di)
-- templates - syntax -- binding data
-- separation of concerns
services - di - DRY
- single responsibility principle
- DRY
- hybrid programming (objects + reactive)
- push vs. pull
- modeling data
modules
- application structure / architecture (light intro) - to advanced?
- routing possibly light lazy intro

--------------

